Star..
Com.. Command..
Command..
Star..
Star command.
There.
This way. you'll never lose me.
Jesse.
And forever. partner.
That's right. partner.
But don't you worry. I'll keep a good eye
on you.
See?
I'm still watching.
I'm gone. but I'm back.
I'm gone. I'm back.
I still see you.
Oh no. I'm gone.
And I will love you all the time.
Even when I'm mad. or sad. or leave you
outside by accident.
I'll still love you forever.
Really?
Do you mean it?
Forever and ever and ever?
Yep. all the evers.
And you can remember me right now.
I don't belong to you. husband and wife.
I will poison the men of honor.
Everyone.
I know CPR.
One. two. three.
Now. the kiss of life.
But we didn't solve my murder.
Just hold your horses. Rex.
Darling. what's going on?
I'm not sure.
You know. at first I was mad Bonnie drew
these glasses on me. but honestly.
I can see so much better now.
Darling. focus.
Oh. sorry.
It's the Jordan twins.
They're back home.
Poor thing.
She's still afraid to ask them to play.
Not this time.
Stay out there.
Time's a-wastin'.
Oh no.
That's it. Bonnie.
You can do it.
Hello.
The wedding can't be easy.
Shh.
Something's off.
So. how'd the wedding go?
Who murdered the men of honor this time?
Mom?
Dad?
Yeah. sweetie?
Why won't anyone be my friend?
Oh. Bonnie.
Come here. sweetie.
Buzz!
Ow!
You're deputy till I get back.
Me?
Right.
I'm gonna get those twins to play with
Bonnie.
Somehow.
Come on. Bullseye.
Why. they're... they're both just sitting
there.
Doing nothing.
They ain't playing with toys at all.
What?
You didn't hear?
Uh. no. I... I didn't hear.
She didn't hear.
What?
What didn't I hear?
The age of toys is over. lass.
What do you mean. over?
When did that happen?
It's been happening for years.
Where have you been?
Across the street.
Playing.
Playing?
Oh. your kids do play?
I don't remember playing.
Describe it to me.
Are you guys okay?
What happened to you?
Tap.
Devices.
Everywhere.
Phones.
Tablets.
Computers.
Cameras.
The screens just took over.
All the tapping.
The tapping!
Tap.
Take our advice. darling.
Find a drawer and hide.
Because once tech invades your home.
you're dead.
We're gonna die.
Oh. well. it's probably just a fad.
Like. you know. record players or hula
hoops.
You don't get it.
The age of toys is over.
Over.
Tap.
Don't believe us?
Conceive for yourself.
Oh!
Look at them all.
All on devices.
Except for Bonnie.
No wonder she can't make a friend.
Bullseye.
She's the only one out there still playing
with toys.
Don't worry.
We're safe.
Are we sure about this?
No. but I think it might help.
Okay.
Oh!
A lily pad!
Oh. thank you. thank you. Mom!
Thank you. Dad!
Well. now that you're able. you're ready.
Hi there. I'm Lily Pad.
Welcome to the pod.
You can take today to figure out how to use
it. but then tomorrow we'll start asking.
Uh-oh.
Try again.
Keep hopping.
Morning!
Screen time's over now.
Let's put the lily pad away and come to
breakfast.
Okay!
Now. I'm going to have
some words with this lily
pad and let her know how
things are run around here.
Why you just can't calm Jessie.
Well. as you know me. I'm the definition
of calm.
That's not going to work.
Hi!
What the?
Sorry. I didn't mean to scare you.
Sleep mode. you know?
No?
Eh. forget it.
I was just going to hop on the charger.
The battery could use a little refresh.
I want to talk to you deviously.
Call me Lily.
Now. look here.
Me and the toys have been working all
summer to try and get Bonnie to make
friends with the Jordan twins across the
street.
But then you had to ruin it with all your
stupid... You're not even listening to me!
Oh. no.
I was listening.
I'm always listening.
See?
Now. look here.
Me and the toys have been
working all summer to try
to get Bonnie to make
friends with the Jordan twins.
No. in Spanish.
No. as a rap.
Me and the toys have been working all
summer trying to get Bonnie to make friends.
..
Ooh. our first dance. honey!
Oh. this concerns me. I think.
Whatever!
You don't understand!
Our kid needs to learn how to make friends
and you're screaming and ain't helping!
Look. if it's friends Bonnie needs.
consider it done.
There.
What?
What happened?
Oh. it was easy.
I just sent a friend request to all the
girls in Bonnie's dance class.
But that's... they're not here.
Oh. yes they are.
That's so funny.
Chelsea. Kara. and even Heidi.
they're all here.
The parents created a group chat on the
pond.
You see. on the pond.
while Bonnie's playing my fun
learning games. she can
also socialize with other kids.
That's why Mom and Dad bought me.
To make connections.
Voila!
Friend made.
I want one.
That lily pad made Bonnie a
friend. you know. I... Fifteen seconds.
I was counting.
What?
No!
Not touching.
That ain't a friend.
A real friend would actually be here.
Oh. that's my point. Jessica.
No. no. no. no.
You used the J word.
Scandal!
With my help. eventually Bonnie can reach
all of her developmental goals.
I just want what's best for her.
I think I know more than a green
calculator what's best for Bonnie.
Really?
Yeah. really.
I've got three kids worth of know-how.
Bonnie. before that Andy. and before that
Emily.
I think that just means you're old.
Yikes!
Wow. really old.
Fine. we'll wrestle for her.
Hi-ya!
Come on!
Wrestle me in the front!
That kind of tickles.
Jessica. how do you stay in form?
Put up a fight!
I'll show you who's better for Bonnie!
Nobody said anything about lifting.
Bonnie!
What?
What's wrong?
Chelsea from dance class and Bonnie went
to a sleepover this weekend.
Can I go?
Please!
Well. uh. all right.
As long as we talk to Chelsea's parents.
I guess it's okay.
Yay!
My. what a team!
Hey. I got dibs on behind the dresser.
You should buy me a few years.
Wow. extinction!
Not again!
Now look. our time ain't over yet.
Bonnie still loves us.
Yeah. sure.
She does.
Sure. whatever you say. Sheriff.
It's just a phase.
Hello?
Kaboom here.
Over.
Oh. Duke!
Hey there. Red.
Long time.
Hey. um. is Woody there?
Please hold.
Hey. Cowboy!
Pump the brakes. Duke.
He's mid-rescue.
Bat squirrel!
No!
Red!
Evil squirrel!
Okay. now.
Mr. Nutcase... Doctor!
Doctor!
Okay. Doctor Nutcase.
on three. you're going
to unstick yourself
and drop into my arms.
What's the point?
It's over for toys.
The Skrees have won. and now the
squirrel's gonna eat me!
You guys ready?
Just one tap.
And Trevor totally forgot I was stuck in
the tree.
We're done!
Okay. one. two... I can't move!
Three!
Whoa!
Okay. okay. it's okay.
Hello?
Jesse?
Woody!
Jesse!
Hey. what's going on?
Cursed technology!
Hey. quiet down.
We're all just landfill now!
Woody. is it as bad out there for toys as
they say it is?
But we're the machines!
Yeah. yeah. it's bad.
We're finding more abandoned toys each
day.
Why?
Are you guys okay?
Not really.
Tex invaded our house. too.
Oh. no.
Yeah. her name's Lillipad.
Looks like a frog. but really she's a
leech.
Sucking up all of Bonnie's attention.
making her stare at her screen all day.
There's gotta be some way to stop it!
I don't know. Jesse.
Toys are for play. but Ted is... he's for
everything.
You remember my first kid. Emily?
The one I told you about who gave me away?
Of course I do. yeah.
It feels like that all over again.
First we were playing. and then the world
started changing.
I know.
Emily changed. and then... just like that.
my time with her was over.
Now I'm losing Bonnie to this device.
Is it me?
Am I just no good at being a toy?
Jesse. you're a good toy.
I don't know.
Jesse...
Jesse.
Sheriff.
Sheriff Jesse.
I appreciate this promotion. but what I'd
really like to promote...
Now that is so stupid.
But she got Bonnie invited to a sleepover
in seconds.
Jesse. you know Bonnie better than anyone.
What does your gut say?
That it can't be that easy.
Bonnie won't click with just anyone.
Exactly.
She needs to actually meet these girls.
She's not like those kids.
Bonnie plays different.
She...
She needs to play.
Jesse.
You're right. Woody.
Toys are for playing.
And playing is how she'll find the right
friend.
Okay.
The age of toys may be over. but I'm going
to do something useful before I go.
I'm going to that sleepover and making a
real friend for Bonnie.
Jesse. are you okay?
Miles!
Jesse?
Jesse!
What do you think you're doing?
I assumed you needed backup.
No. I don't need backup.
What happened?
Why are we whispering?
He's finally asleep.
So what's wrong?
I don't know. but have you heard of Jesse?
She needs a deputy.
Ah. I see it!
Jesse?
Yeah?
What is it?
Never mind. never mind.
If you need anything. I'm here.
Okay. thanks.
Come on. Bullseye.
I'm going to need your help.
We can't see the stars. Buzz.
Too much fog.
Hmm.
We need to find higher ground.
Huh?
Buzz. I have our bearing.
East door.
I'm not cleaning that up.
Why did Queen freeze?
Fascinating.
Must avoid humans.
Affirmative.
Bonnie. time to go to your sleepover.
Yo. Bonnie. what are you doing?
You said you finished packing.
I did. but it's my very first sleepover.
Dad.
I want to be extra. extra prepared.
You're going to be fine. sweetie.
Come on. go put on your shoes.
We've got to go.
Okay. okay.
Jesse!
Uh. what are you doing?
We are going to check
out these friends for
ourselves and see if there's
a real one in the bunch.
Okay. Pod. it is not a good look for
Bonnie to bring toys to a sleepover.
Oh. God.
Stop eating. Buzz.
I do.
I mean. I've done the thing.
Make sure that device don't take charge of
anything while we're away.
Yes. Sheriff.
I'm on it.
All right. time to go.
Okay.
No. Jesse. get out of that bag.
I'm only thinking about what's best for
Bonnie.
Well. what do you know?
That's exactly what I'm doing.
Did you pack the toothbrush?
I think so.
Aw. thanks. Dad.
You packed Jesse and Bullseye.
Did I?
Well. you're welcome.
And here we are.
Oh. oh. oh. oh.
I wonder if Kara and Heidi are here yet.
Oh. over there.
Dad. I see them.
They're right there.
Okay. okay. I see them.
Hey. Bonnie.
You forgot your bag.
Hey. Chelsea.
Oh. hey. Bonnie.
Guys. you remember Bonnie?
Hi. and this is Jesse.
Hi. Brandon.
Awesome partner.
Oh. you still play with toys?
Please?
No. be right back.
Here you go. sweetie.
Dad. take these.
I thought you wanted your toys.
Dad. just go.
Guys.
I got my lily pad.
Bye.
No. no. no.
This is all wrong.
How is she supposed to make friends if
they ain't even looking at each other?
Oh. no.
Somebody lost their toys.
What. Dad?
I said somebody lost their toys.
I see something.
Let's see.
They belong to an Emily.
Oh. and there's an address.
That's not too far from here.
We can drop them off.
Turn right onto Ranch Road.
You've reached your destination.
I'll just leave them here in the mailbox.
What's that?
I'm leaving them in the mailbox.
You're leaving me?
Yes.
No. no. no. no. no. no.
No.
We cannot be here.
We've got to get back to Bonnie.
Come on. Bullseye.
Hey!
Bullseye!
You thinkin' what I'm thinkin'?
Yeah!
Yeah. I'm gonna speak Twitter and we'll
ride this horse home.
We're coming. Bonnie!
Yay!
Bullseye?
Oh. thank goodness.
Come here.
Help me.
Geez. are you alright?
Did something smoke you?
Come on. girl.
Come on.
Good girl.
Where'd you come from?
Oh. he's perfect.
No.
Bullseye.
And how exactly will this help us get
Bonnie's attention?
Well. when they come back from the
sleepover. she'll enter the room.
see Forky and Karen Beverly. and remember
the wedding.
We are talking about Bonnie. right?
And not Jessie?
Of course. Bonnie.
Just Bonnie.
Hey. what's everyone talking about?
Boss is gonna propose to Jessie.
Wait a minute. wait a minute. wait a
minute. wait a minute.
I didn't say that.
You did not say it either.
Well. I... Question. is Woody gonna
perform the wedding ceremony?
I haven't thought that far in advance.
Forky.
Okay. then why is Woody at the window?
Woody!
Hey. everybody.
Howdy. folks.
I was glad to see you this morning.
my friend.
Woody!
Pretty cowboy.
Why are you wearing a dress. Woody?
It's called a poncho. Forky.
Thought I'd change it up.
Yeah?
Well. Walt likes it.
It's good to be back.
Whoa!
Sammy!
What?
Love the poncho.
Someone needs a brown marker.
Wow. look what Bonnie's done with the
place.
It's. uh. she really let things go.
Oh. my.
Oh. I see Sammy got bigger.
Oh. that's Sammy number two.
No.
Yes.
I'll explain it.
There was a Sammy number one. and then he
died.
Oh. Sammy.
Oh!
Who goes there?
Whoa. whoa. whoa.
Sorry.
My name is Woody.
I come in peace.
Used to live here.
All right.
It's been too long. cowboy.
How have you been?
Oh. busy.
Came here as fast as I could after Jessie
called for help.
It's a good thing we were in town.
She did call. didn't she?
Yeah.
But I'm her deputy.
Ah.
That's odd.
Well. there must be a little mix-up here.
Well. no offense. Woody.
Oh. not taken.
But she literally deputized me.
Oh. is that so?
Woody. look.
Eyes here.
Star.
Deputy.
Me.
No star.
I got you.
Star.
No star.
Oh. hey. Buzz. what is that?
Look.
Ow.
Hey.
Wait.
Just happy to help.
Deputy.
Call me when you're done helping.
dear.
Wonderful.
Okay. ladies.
Charles Woodgate.
Yes.
Star.
Good.
Oh!
Where is Jessie. anyway?
Sleepover reconnaissance.
Yeah.
She and Posey are helping Bonnie make
friends.
While fending off the nefarious lily pad.
It's Dolly. by the way.
Glasses.
Didn't you always have glasses?
What?
No.
We've got it handled. cowboy.
As her deputy. I'm certain
Jessie's resting on a comfy
pillar right now. making
all the difference for Bonnie.
Oh.
You're no help.
Hey. you can help get me out of here.
Come here.
Come on.
Come on. deputy.
Yeah. yeah.
Come over here.
Come on.
Oh.
Nice pig.
Stinky.
Oh.
I guess you all have to do.
Jimmy D?
We like the... Oh. no.
Oh. okay.
Wow.
That's your name?
Jimmy D?
Take me to the house.
Golly gee fillickers.
It's working.
Oh.
Hey.
You.
Whoa.
Yes.
Good pig.
Good.
No.
No. no. no.
Bad pig.
Go wrong way. Jimmy.
Oh. no. no.
Wrong house. Jimmy.
Wrong house.
No.
Oh.
Blaze.
False alarm. everyone.
Oh. apologies.
We're combat calls manners.
Well. please take a seat.
Oh. no.
I've got to get home.
No.
Oh. please.
Stand up there.
Combat call insists.
Oh. okay.
Oh. sorry.
I'm sorry.
Any chair but that one.
Who sits there?
Blaze.
You mean the girl I saw in the barn?
She's your kid?
Isn't she swell?
She loves her tea parties.
And telling us all her secrets.
That's right. pizza with sunglasses.
To Blaze's return.
Mmm. rico.
Um. how long has it been since your Blaze
last had tea?
Things were never really the same once he
arrived.
He?
Smarty pants.
Blaze's first device.
You're sitting on him.
What?
Holy butterscotch.
Uh. hello there.
Picking up?
Oh. wait a minute.
This isn't the bathroom.
How long have I been here?
Shut up. chair.
Turn him off.
Who's this little tiny grandma?
Gosh. what is wrong with him?
Low batteries.
Eggman. you're one of those pong devices.
What?
I already have to put up with a lily pad
back home.
I don't have time for this.
Your Blaze took my horse into the house.
And we've got to get back to our own kid.
Wait. wait. wait.
You're going inside?
Take me with you. please.
Not a chance.
You need help pushing?
I'm great at pushing.
You can do what you can do with my kid.
No.
How about you just wait here with your
friends?
I'll spend another second with Corporal No
Pants.
Son. I'm coming with you. Cowgirl.
No way.
Your kind's caused me enough trouble.
My kind?
No. please.
All he's good for is chair.
I am not a chair.
I am a potty trainer.
Show some respect.
Okay. listen. Raggedy Kim.
All these losers are outdoor toys.
I'm the only one who stands out inside.
You want to find your RC company car?
I know exactly what place.
Put him. okay?
You need me.
Hi.
Hey. geez. someone dim the brightness out
here.
Would you try walking a little less...
Quick. lock the door before they change
their minds.
Copy that.
Save yourself.
This line here. follow it. there's our
kid.
Oh. I see. yeah. that's right.
Hey!
What do you think guys?
Woah!
No way!
Hey. look at this. look at this.
look at this!
Let me see it!
Man down!
Code red!
Ladies. I'm going out!
Be back in an hour!
Okay mom!
Oh. i forgot my keys.
I'm really don't feel so good.
I'm think im gonna... Reboot.
I am back.
I'm back home.
This is where it all started.
Yeah. it's all changed.
Smarty. no!
I have to find Bullseye.
We need more juice.
Okay. where are the batteries?
Where do I find the batteries?
Bottom drawer.
Why. hello there.
Pick a number.
Is it number one?
Whoa!
I feel great!
Look at me!
No!
Yes!
No. we have to stop doing this now.
Knock. knock.
I am back.
Let it out.
Stampy!
Atlas!
They're still here.
Ha!
Busty Copper. we have to turn it back on.
No!
No way!
The last thing this world needs is more
devices.
What?
You're just going to shove them back in
the dark forever?
Do you have any idea what that's like?
Fine.
We've got to make this quick.
Number one.
You made number...
Atlas!
Stampy!
Smarty!
Oh!
Is it really you?
It's really me!
Oh my goodness. you look great!
Double 18 is back!
Mom brought us inside after that tantrum
Blaze had and we never saw you again.
So tell me. tell me. what did I miss?
Oh my gosh. well. we've been down a long
time too.
Oh. but look!
I just showed you how first and second
grade was.
Yeah. yeah. yeah. please do that.
Look at her!
She's so much older.
I know. right?
She's adorable.
She got bangs that year.
Wait a minute. where is that?
That's Disneyland.
So wait a minute. that's me in a pocket.
Flush. you both went there?
For reals.
It's so beautiful.
And uh. that's the last of it.
Next it was just a spinning rainbow wheel.
The end?
Done.
My entire SD card flashed before my eyes.
Okay. okay. I am glad you're all powered
up and stuff.
But we're wasting time I don't got.
Oh. we're so sorry.
Guys. guys. guys. this is Pushy Cowgirl.
Jessie. she's a sheriff. just go with it.
Blaze has that worst bonsai.
Thanks. Hot.
And I gotta get us back to our kid.
Bonnie. now.
She needs us.
So where is she. Smarty?
Right. okay. I said I'd tell you.
So I'll tell you.
Drum roll. please.
He's probably in the bedroom.
Probably in the bedroom?
I could have guessed that.
And yet you did not. Dusty.
Dusty?
Yeah. you know. an ancient. elderly.
mummified old fart.
That's all I like to call it.
Number 1.5.
You know what?
I've got an idea.
Oh. oh. wait. wait.
I just had an idea that could maybe help
you get to Bonnie.
What?
Well. it's a little technical. but
if the three of us link up. we can.
..
No. no. I am done with this techno mumbo
jumbo.
No offense. but I'll be fine getting back
on my own.
Offense taken.
You're muted. Dave.
You're muted.
OK. there you go.
You're muted again. Dave.
Oh. Jesus. what are you doing?
You're not the only one who misses their
kid. OK?
Now. help us up.
Careful. you're gonna unplug me.
Blaze. come home.
Grandma!
Blaze. is that big girl Blaze?
She's changed so much.
Like. overnight.
Is she here yet?
Not yet.
Oh. she did big.
She did it without me.
Oh. it's so pretty.
Oh. when did she become neat?
I can see the floor.
I can see me in the floor.
It smells like vanilla.
It's handsome.
Seriously.
how much have we missed?
Everything.
You're blazing. but can you remember
anymore?
How would you know?
I've seen all this before.
Spent a lot of years under the bed
watching my first kid grow up without me.
Hey. that's our entrance.
How old is Blaze anyway?
Nine. ten?
Her room looks like a teenager.
She's nine and a half.
Thank you very much.
Because you devices make them change so
fast.
I gotta get back.
So wait!
Thank goodness!
Aha. they seem nice both sides.
but we have to go now.
Wait. wait. wait. wait.
So you're saying that this was your room
too?
Yes.
Really?
What. you're calling me a liar?
No.
Yeah. yeah. liar.
There's a knot in the ceiling.
Looks like an angry eye when you squint at
it.
Windows got a small crack like a spider in
the upper right-hand corner.
And out on that tiny spring hill. Emily
and I would play every summer afternoon.
Now. Bullseye. let's go.
Ah. you're welcome.
For what?
You didn't help me at all.
You were... What?
Go on. say it.
Useless.
Oh no.
Jimmy got big.
Lay it on me. Jimmy Dean.
Who's coming?
Sally's coming.
She's coming.
She's coming to my house.
Hey mom. Sally's texting me right now.
She's probably on her way.
You want to be my friend. right Jimmy?
Always.
By the way. your hair looks so good today.
Thank you. Jimmy.
She's perfect.
Perfect.
We've got to get Blaze to meet Bonnie.
Bonnie.
Kendra!
We're home.
I am.
How was the sleepover?
I don't want to talk about it.
Why?
What happened?
That doesn't sound good.
I don't see Jessie.
Calm down. lover boy.
Your fiance's coming.
Fiance?
I was like you.
You never told me.
Yeah. I know.
Isn't it exciting?
Well. it's not official yet.
And I have to... You ask her.
FYI. I am ordained.
Says where?
Last Halloween.
Bonnie gave me a haunted priest.
remember?
Oh. you're right.
The place says Bonnie's coming.
Did you make some friends?
Like this.
She looks awful.
Does anyone see Jessie?
So it's like that.
How about I make you a snack?
Yes. please.
I'm starving.
Jessie!
Oh. no. no. no.
This is not the right version.
Where's Jessie?
Where's Bullseye?
I'm a little busy helping Bonnie right
now.
Whatever happened at that sleepover?
Excuse me. what are you?
Are you like some sort of old man toy?
What?
She thinks you're old because
you're bald. what a... Why. you little...
Where's Jessie?
What happened to Bonnie?
She looks miserable.
The girls may have played hide and seek
and forgotten to find Bonnie.
Oh.
Poor Bonnie.
How could you let that happen?
I didn't.
You toys did this.
These girls have been on the pond for over
a year.
But Bonnie's behind.
Because all of the time. she's been
playing with you.
I need to bring her up to speed fast.
Starting with turtle attack.
It's the quickest way for her to connect
with the girls.
I'm only going to ask one more time.
Frog.
Where is Jessie?
Not my problem.
I'm very busy.
That's it.
We'll make her talk.
I'll do it. Woody.
Hey. hey. hey.
I got it. I got it.
No.
I will get back at you.
Stop. stop.
Where's Jessie?
Okay.
You toys are out of here.
Wait. she's doing something.
Come on. toys.
Turn it off. turn it off. turn it off.
I can't. I can't.
You've got to respond and I have plastic
fingers.
She's coming.
Are you sure you want me to take these
toys?
Okay. it's your room.
No.
You can be in the garage if you want them.
Yeah.
I now refer to them as being stored.
Okay.
now what do we do?
Don't worry. Buzz.
We're going to find her.
I promise.
Woody. I know it's just a pretend ceremony
and a bunny usually decides these things.
but um...
Well. if it were up to me. you'd be my
best man.
Buzz. I'd be honored.
But Jessie will never speak to me again now
that I've let Lily take charge of the room.
What do you mean take charge?
I tried to... No. no. no.
Buzz. that's it.
What is?
Okay.
Tomorrow morning. everyone will wake up
fully recharged.
Except Lily Pag.
And then we'll make Lily tell us where's
Jessie.
Oh. finally.
Hey. don't give me a snore.
I can hear you.
Woody. why don't you get the phone away
from me?
Come on. Buzz.
Look. the camera is snapping.
Right. snappy.
You said there was a way you could help us
get the bunny. right?
So what is it?
You did say that. didn't you?
I don't know.
I'm sorry I called you useless.
You three are definitely of use.
Somehow.
Please. I know I messed up.
I was wrong about your kid. Blaze.
She's creative and silly in a way other
kids don't really get.
Am I right?
Go on.
Well. our kids like that too.
And I think they really like each other.
So finally. you don't want to help me.
Let's just help our kids.
All right. twist my handle.
Yeah. we make a brand.
F-R-E-N-D.
With an I.
F-R-I-N-D.
Great. so how do we connect them?
You said your kid's device was on the pod.
Like me. right?
Right.
This morning. Atlas and I are all
compatible.
See. and I can take a picture of you.
Okay. look. okay.
Uh. I'm free photogenic. are they?
And Atlas can now text to it.
Mm-hmm.
And of course. we post it on the pod.
Where body is.
Great. so you sent it.
Nope. still going.
How about now?
Uh. still going.
Still going?
How is that possible?
The little toilet roll's still spinning.
And only as fast as my operating system.
So just slow your roll.
All right?
There. you sent it.
Finally.
Now what?
Now we wait.
Yeah. everyone's still asleep.
We gotta wait for Bonnie to wake up and
see the post.
Hey. I know.
We could play a game.
Oh. yeah.
A game?
Yeah.
It was Blaze's favorite.
It's called pick the poop.
You try and hit the button when the poop
shows up over it.
Hey. smarty.
I will never play that game.
They all say that.
Sir.
Star Command.
No. no. no.
Dad!
What is it?
Lily's not working.
I'm missing turtle time.
Kara. Tessie. and Heidi play it every
morning.
I can't miss it. Dad.
It's okay.
I plugged it back in.
It just needs to wait for it to charge.
But it's not okay.
I'm gonna miss the game.
Sweetie. there's nothing we can do for
now.
Aha. success. huh?
Look at that.
That's phase one.
And now phase two.
Well. I thought I was going to initiate
phase two.
I initiate phase two.
We thumb-wrestled over this.
Fine. fine.
And then we'll have a little talk with our
froggy friend.
I hate this game.
Please make it stop.
Mighty Whipper!
Again. again. again.
I can't feel my butt.
Just one more time.
One more.
Come on.
Let's not play for now.
Play?
That's just a game.
That's not playing.
What's the difference?
You know. real play.
You're kidding. right?
You've never seen Blaze play with a toy?
How long were you guys with her?
Three months. I think.
Months?
What?
Too long?
Too short.
Oh. God. you missed all the fun!
What fun?
I mean. fun fun.
Make-believe fun.
Just look at her.
Oh. yeah.
She plays.
I am?
Prove it.
Okay. smarty pants.
We will.
Morning. Kimmy.
Ready for breakfast?
Hey. Mom!
Where'd you find the cowgirl?
I ain't afraid of nothing. partner.
That's right.
Yeah.
Wait a minute.
Well. flush me. please.
She's actually gonna play.
Here we go!
I present a royal highness. Kimmy Queen!
Your Highness. how kind of you to invite
me to your royal ball.
Kimmy. this is your big office!
What you got there. Kimmy?
Whoa.
I can't believe I still have these.
Wait a minute.
Agent Clydesdale. your suitor is
approaching now.
So. we meet again. Agent Sheathland.
It's Brad Shetland.
Shetland.
That's what I said.
Wait. Agent Clydesdale. what did I say?
Lady Davenport.
Have you spotted it?
You mean the bomb?
Yes.
Snappy. do you have eyes on it?
Not yet.
Agent. the bomb is right on top of you.
Where?
Well. you never suspected. Agent
Clydesdale.
But where is the bomb?
Ah!
She's coming through. Buzz.
Hurry it up.
I'm trying. Woody.
What happened?
Wait. what did you do to my battery?
What we'll do again if you don't tell us
what happened at Jesse and Bullseye.
What time is it?
Oh. no.
This is not good.
The girl's got a head start
on journal time without
my interest in one. two.
three inside jokes already.
This is a disaster!
Enough with the silly games.
Where's Jesse and Bullseye?
Silly?
This is serious.
Stop below. Bill.
Bonnie is missing out.
Want her to meet friends?
This is how.
Keep your little plastic hands away from
me or I'll set off my alarm.
I thought you'd say as much.
Buzz. bring in Sammy too.
No. no. absolutely not.
Oh. no. no. no. no. no.
Yes!
Okay. try Sammy.
You mean this?
That's a deer symbol.
Okay. got it.
Now what?
Reduce your screen time to zero.
The shortest is an hour.
A horse grill.
Who is that horse girl?
She's talking about Jesse.
Well. then open it!
Join the garage. sucker!
No. no. no. wait!
Hey. Lily!
Yes. can I help you?
Huh?
Wait a minute.
Fascinating.
Lily. bring back that horse girl post.
Okay!
She has to do what you say!
Get out of the way. Buzz!
Hey. stop her!
Hey. Lily!
Yes!
Open that post!
Okay!
Jesse. Bonnie's got to see this!
Show her again!
Where is she?
Hey. Lily!
I can't see her!
Get her!
Get her everywhere!
Stay here!
Yes!
We did it!
So where did it go?
Lily?
The printer!
Yes!
Okay. I'm done.
Bonnie. you haven't finished your
breakfast.
No. I'm done!
Now what. deputy?
Oh. you're the deputy. deputy!
What's this all about. Bonnie?
So why did you put these toys in the
garage?
Yeah. because Bonnie asked me to.
Remember. sweetie?
No.
Well. I don't think Lily got text to me.
They're gone!
She really does have Jesse and Bullseye.
I hope they're okay.
Okay. we've gotten the queen to safety.
Yes. you can do this. Agent Cardsdale!
One of these buttons diffuses the bomb.
But which one. Agent Sheetland?
That!
It's Sheriff!
Okay. come on. your majesty!
Oh my god!
That was so cool!
I was a spy!
Yeah. you were!
I'm sorry.
That was so beautiful!
That. my friend. was playing.
Oh my dear!
I feel so alive!
Is that what being a toy was like.
Sheriff?
Well. yeah!
Wait. hold on.
You've never called me Sheriff before in a
nice way.
But now I get it!
Blaze really is perfect for Bonnie.
Playing with her feels just the same!
Your kid plays like that. too?
It's her!
She's on the post!
It's Bonnie!
Text her back!
Don't let go!
Okay!
How do I do that?
Bonnie's coming here!
Blaze and Bonnie are gonna meet!
Sorry!
What are you typing?
Delete that right now!
I'm trying to get some batteries out of
here!
So. what's going on?
Slink. talk to me!
Hard to hear!
A lot of commotion!
I bet they're arguing over getting rid of
us!
Are we getting donated?
Donut!
No. sweetie.
Donated!
Wow!
I love her. but this is gonna be hard.
She's quiet!
I hear something!
Like tiny footsteps!
Oh. the gate!
Bonnie's coming!
Come on. Mom!
Oh. no!
Lily's going. too!
Hold on. Bonnie.
I'm sure you'll be fine.
All right. Buzz.
You've got to stay here.
I'm going with them.
Why?
Why just you?
Look. I just have more film experience
than you.
That is all.
You don't think I can do it?
No. I just think I can do it a little
bit...
better.
You don't deserve this!
Oh. Buzz. come on!
Jesse put me in charge!
That's why you should stay here and watch
the room!
There is no room without Jesse!
Buzz. no!
Nice poncho!
It's good to see them fighting again.
It sure is!
How did your toys get all the way out
here?
Oh. how about this one?
Oh. look at those puppies!
Stop saying puppies.
She's here!
Careful. Snappy.
Dad might see.
No way.
He'll be showing off those new backgrounds
forever.
That's her!
That's Bonnie!
Bullseye. she's really here!
Bonnie. come on.
Let's go.
Buzz. listen.
I'm really just...
Thanks. fellas.
Pretty glad I met you. devices.
Aw. don't be dumping us something we can't
flush.
It's her!
Hello. can I help you?
Hi. I'm so sorry about you. but we got
this message from your daughter.
She seems to have found my daughter's
toys.
Are they in there?
Okay. I'll have her get them.
Blaze. honey?
Yeah?
Can you bring down those two ragdolls you
found?
Their owner's here.
Okay!
That's so cute!
Blaze. this is uh...
This is Bonnie.
Hello. Bonnie.
Hi. are these your toys?
I don't play with toys anymore.
It's just...
Antiques.
They do look pretty old.
It must be worth something at least.
right?
No. they're not.
You should keep them.
Bonnie?
You don't want them?
Are you sure?
Bonnie?
Bonnie!
I don't know what's come over her.
I'm so sorry to have bothered you.
It's all right.
If you ever change your mind. Bonnie.
just let me know.
I don't get it.
What just happened?
What is going on. Bonnie?
Okay. I guess we're going.
Come on. Bullseye!
Quick!
Before they drive-It's too late for me.
Bullseye.
But maybe not for you.
Please. not for you.
Sheriff?
Jesse?
Are you okay?
What just happened?
She ditched you. Jesse.
Because of you!
Because of all you darn devices!
Making kids act older!
You stole all our time!
I wanted to make a difference!
I needed to make a difference!
And you ruined it!
Smarty. are you okay?
I'm sorry.
I'm fine. I'm fine.
For a rag doll. you throw quite a punch.
Cowgirl.
Cowgirl?
Jesse?
Uh. Sheriff?
I'm sorry. Smarty.
It's not you.
I'm the one that's useless.
Bullseye!
Poor Jesse.
Gotta find a way in.
Buzz!
Where are you going?
Let's talk about this!
I... Huh?
What is going on?
State your name.
And your purpose.
Guys!
Take him in!
Wait a minute. what the heck is going on?
Quiet. assassin!
Assassin?
No. I can't!
Buzz?
How do you know who we are?
Who sent you?
Oh. jeez!
Talk!
Hey. talk about what?
What am I supposed to do?
You're a holster!
You are positioned outside our leader's
stronghold.
You are an agent of Zurg!
Zurg?
No!
Hey. I don't even know who you're leading!
Quiet!
You wish to harm the red-haired maiden who
bears the mark of Star Command!
Jesse?
Wait!
He is not an agent of Zurg.
Well. then who's this old man?
Why do people keep saying that?
I'm not that old!
This old man is a toy.
A toy?
Yes. we are all toys.
Our mission on this planet is to make a
child happy.
To play!
Hey. Buzz. can you help me?
Search your feelings. Buzz.
You know it to be true!
And the red-haired maiden you seek is our
toy leader!
Her name is Sheriff Jesse.
Sheriff Jesse is trapped inside that
stronghold.
We must infiltrate it and rescue her and
her trusty steed.
How do you know all this?
Because I am her deputy.
Then this old man is a toy?
Oh. yeah. yeah.
He's my sidekick.
You can untie him.
And by the way. everybody. Zurg is our
dad.
What's in the box?
I don't know.
I just hope that girl is okay.
Hey. guys!
Is anyone hungry?
Me!
Can you pass the prairie bubble?
Ooh. I like the way you take the food.
Not here.
Definitely not here.
Blast!
Where could she be?
We found these electronic devices.
Hey. Michael Chippendales. hands off!
Whoa!
I'm getting a major signal from all you
dudes.
I've got full bars!
Me too!
I can map for miles!
These guys are their own hotspot.
Oh. no. they're one of them.
They're one of us!
Nice!
Hey. this one's broken. by the way.
Where are you hiding. Jesse. you machine?
Hey. hey. easy there.
We're Jesse's friends.
And I have a name.
It's Smarty Pants.
Hygiene instructor.
He'll wipe you out.
This is serious. Mr. Pants.
It is my sworn duty as a space ranger.
You said duty.
Why. you!
Clearly. we're all friends with Jesse.
So can you just tell us where she is?
She went to the Tire Swing Hill.
It's at the far end of the ranch.
It'll take me forever to waddle there.
Well. we'll need a way to get there.
Come on. Dwight.
Bonnie. did something happen with your
friends?
Can you show me?
You're not in trouble. Bonnie.
I promise.
Oh. sweetie.
You know that you can always talk with me
and Dad. right?
About anything.
Because we love you. Bonnie. so much.
I wouldn't change a single thing about
you.
And I think a real friend would feel the
same. don't you?
But how about we take a break from the
group chat for now. okay?
Let's get some ice cream.
Cool!
Bonnie?
They don't have chocolate chip.
Come pick another flavor.
I'm sorry. Bonnie.
What is it?
Bullsye. you shouldn't have followed me.
Oh. bad horse.
You go back to Blaze's pool. Sigh.
You're better off.
I'm serious.
She'll take good care of you.
And all those horses?
Sigh. Bullseye. no!
I'm not going with you.
I can't do this again.
I can't love another kid just to find out
I never met her.
I can't.
I didn't write that.
It must have been...
Hey. this is stuff from family.
It's newer.
It doesn't make any sense.
You wouldn't have any of this stuff.
She'd be...
all grown up.
Emily named her daughter...
after me.
Really?
Wow.
Jesse. Bullseye!
Hey. I found them.
Ready?
You're okay.
What are you doing here?
We came for you. Jesse.
For me?
We all did.
Looks like 50 to me. but I can only count
to two.
Star Command.
All right. all right. calm down.
Here is some room. fellas.
Uh. boss?
Yes?
Hey. she meant that for me.
Just me.
We saw Bonnie give you away.
You did?
It doesn't make any sense.
You're not useless. Sarah!
We love you!
So much!
Look. I'm okay.
Bonnie's growing up.
And we don't get to decide when and how
that happens.
All that matters is we were there at the
right time to help her along.
And I gotta believe you were.
You make us proud to be toys. Jesse.
Sorry. guys. sorry.
Just wish she'd at least connected with
Blaze.
Wait... connect!
They still can!
Lilypad can do that!
Lilypad?
Okay. okay. guys. message coming through.
Jesse. I'm so sorry.
Chose wrong friend.
Hurt Bonnie.
I'm not Bonnie.
Smurdy. send a reply.
You can fix it.
No. I can't!
Drew. myself away!
What?
On donation truck!
Jump into Ozobat!
Now she throws herself away?
We're going after her!
What?
But how?
Smurdy. tell Lily to send a photo of where
she is.
Got it.
Snappy. zoom in on that blurry road sign.
Ah. look at you with that tech shop.
cowgirl.
What's happening?
Atlas. can you get us to that truck?
Already mapped it. cowboy lady.
Tell Lily to keep sending photos of where
she is.
We're getting her back.
Yes. sheriff.
Jesse. would you have a moment?
There's something you'd like to ask me.
I'd like to ask you.
Sure thing. deputy.
Now. a little help?
Yes. sheriff.
Yee-haw!
Let's ride!
Oh. hey!
Hey. wait for us!
Ah!
She's not far.
If we go south five blocks.
then east for two. we might
be able to head them off
before they reach the highway.
Car!
Claire!
She just passed the gas station!
Ha-ha. that's gas.
Sorry. had to.
We're going to take the shortcut down this
next road to the right.
Ah!
It's a house!
I don't get it.
There should be a road.
There probably was a road five years ago.
Hold map!
Recalculating!
No time!
We're going through!
I see it!
Up ahead!
Follow me!
Yes. sheriff!
We have reached our destination!
Lily!
Lily. where are you?
Hey. Lily!
No. can I help you?
Lily!
It's okay. we got you!
You shouldn't have come. Jesse.
No time for pity parties. Lily.
Bonnie still needs you to make a friend.
Me?
But I...
I made a major miscalculation with Kara.
Chelsea. and Heidi.
You're right. Bonnie's different.
She deserves better.
Lily. you didn't know those girls were
wrong for Bonnie?
No. I'm wrong for Bonnie.
I'm the one who caused it.
Well. then help me fix it!
I found Bonnie the right friend!
You did?
Yep!
So how about you and me connect them?
Okay.
But first. we gotta get everyone off this
truck and back home.
Uh. wait a moment!
Way too fast to get on now!
And we're gonna follow him away in about a
second!
There's gotta be something!
We've got all these fancy buzzes!
Oh!
Excuse me!
No. no!
Back away!
Space men. turn around!
Yes. yes. yes. yes!
No way!
Oh yeah. way!
Ready. Chef?
Punch it. Lily!
Now that's is fly. with style!
So we cleared the plan.
When your bonnie you send the message.
Blaze brings me and Bullseye to the house
and this time. they command!
Chef. wait!
What if Bonnie rejects you again?
If they become friends. it's all worth it!
Yes. Chef!
Huh?
Wait!
Dusty. wait!
What?
What is it. Buzz?
Just listen to me!
I've been trying to ask you this and if I
don't do it now. I never will!
Will you?
Because you can do this!
Well. well...
You're stuck with me. Deputy.
Cheer up. boys!
She'll be back!
We have a plan!
At ease. Ranger.
Ben.
you know your mission.
Yes. Commander!
Lily!
What's she doing here?
She's one of us. guys.
Deal with it.
Listen up. everyone.
Lily and Jessie have a plan to help
Bonnie.
Okay. what do you need us to do?
Nothing.
That's easy.
Jessie already did the hard work.
All that's left for me is to send a
message.
It's up to the girls now.
Hey. sweetie.
Look what I found in the car.
It's okay.
We turned off the chat.
Bonnie!
You have a friend at the door.
Hi. Bonnie!
I brought your dolls!
Bonnie. come say hi!
Okay.
Hi.
I'm sorry.
I don't play with toys.
I played with her a little yesterday.
I liked it when she's like. Why ain't
playing with nothing. partner?
That...
That was weird.
I...
Sorry I bothered you.
Oh. no!
Don't go!
She can't go!
Blaze!
I like your boots.
I...
I really like your socks.
Do you like my beard?
My jam!
Very impressive.
M'lady?
Yes. I'm one billion years old.
That's why it's so glorious.
Um... Do you want to play?
Okay.
Do you actually have a horse?
Yeah.
Like a real one?
Yes. it's real!
Hey!
I have an idea!
Blaze. take care of my son.
Friends!
We are gathered here today to
witness the most wonderfulest
union of Sheriff Jessie and
Buzz Follamu. Merk Lightyear.
Now. Sheriff. please put this ring onto
Buzz's itty-bitty finger and make your vows.
Buzz. will you take this
ring as my pinky promise to
have fun and play with
you and stuff for all my days?
Even the hard ones?
I do!
Have you seen my wedding ring?
Maybe check the bathroom?
Wait. wait. wait.
We need flowers from the garden!
Oh congrats. you two!
Don't worry. I took plenty of photos for
Smarty and the gang.
That's really sweet of you. Lily.
You've done good. Sheriff.
You can call me Jessica.
Okay. I will.
Jessica.
Actually. no.
Okay.
Hey. when you get a chance. can you
introduce me to the ring there?
Oh. okay.
They're coming!
Oh my gosh!
That sounds like a good idea!
The wedding is on!
Buzz. do you take me as your super cool
Sheriff wife?
I do!
And you take me as your handsome Space
Ranger husband!
I am... And I now
pronounce... I object!
Oh no!
Buzz is already married to me!
This is the third time this has happened
to me!
How could you?
Ah. Jessie!
It's not what you think!
Tell them. Buzz!
Tell them about our love!
But Trixie. that was then!
And this is now!
Congratulations!
You got this. deputy!
So. did you help?
Yep. we just followed Jessie's lead.
Woody?
Cleo?
Hold these. I'll drive.
Ah. Will!
Ooh. the ball!
Look at them!
Such good football!
Oh. fierce!
I'm in with the Poms Free!
What's tricking the boys in the wedding
game?
Look. Trixie!
Whoa!
Hey. would you ever want to sleep over?
Yes. that'd be so fun!
Look. look. look!
Friends forever. partner!
Come on. Jessie!
We'll take my spaceship!
Welcome to our hometown!